README.md, before:

# Random-Password-Gen_NUBC_CH3

## Description
This is challenge number 3 of the NU Bootcamp.  The challenge is to create a random password generator.

## Installation Instructions:  
This project is written in HTML, CSS, and JS and can be executed in a web browser.

## Usage Instructions:
Upon opening the webpage you will find this:
![Picture of password generator webpage](./Assets/03-javascript-homework-demo.png)

"Click" the red "Generate Password" button.  This will prompt an alert asking the user to choose a password length between 8 and 128 characters.  Upon supplying a number, the user is then prompted four more times, given options for determining if they want lowercase, uppercase, numbers, and special charcters included in their password.  Upon selecting "ok" or "cancel" in place of booleans "True" and "False" the user makese these decisions and results in their random password being generated and populated to the textarea in place of the words "Your Secure Password."

## License

Copyright (c) [2023] [Anthony Groce] [Northwestern University]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


## Credits

Most credit goes to these stack overflow queries:  https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1497481/javascript-password-generator , https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14667713/how-to-convert-a-string-to-number-in-typescript/14668510#14668510 , MDN Web Docs, 

Users that helped:  maxime1992, James9446, 

## Contact Information

anthonygroce@gmail.com

Commit message:

added more to read me and comments

README.md, after:

# Random-Password-Gen_NUBC_CH3

## Description
This is Challenge number 3 of the NU Bootcamp.  The challenge is to create a random password generator in javascript with the starter code that was presented.

## Installation Instructions:  
This project is written in HTML, CSS, and JS and can be executed in a web browser.

## Usage Instructions:
Upon opening the webpage you will find this:
![Picture of password generator webpage](./Assets/03-javascript-homework-demo.png)

"Click" the red "Generate Password" button.  This will prompt an alert asking the user to choose a password length between 8 and 128 characters.  Upon supplying a number, the user is then prompted four more times, given options for determining if they want lowercase, uppercase, numbers, and special charcters included in their password.  Upon selecting "ok" or "cancel" in place of booleans "True" and "False" the user makese these decisions and results in their random password being generated and populated to the textarea in place of the words "Your Secure Password."

## License

Copyright (c) [2023] [Anthony Groce] [Northwestern University]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


## Credits

Credit goes to these stack overflow queries:  https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1497481/javascript-password-generator , https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14667713/how-to-convert-a-string-to-number-in-typescript/14668510#14668510 

Users that helped:  maxime1992, James9446, 

MDN Web Docs - While loops, logical Or, random.math(), and many more. 

I also watched many Youtube videos from authors: The Net Ninja, Chart JS, Nazmus Nasir and more.


## Contact Information

anthonygroce@gmail.com
